---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

## Progress report:

For this first week, I mostly familiarized myself with what past interns have already worked on and coding a basic implementation of AISpy where the agent is the one guessing and the child provides the clue. I also took a look at different papers related to BERT and question-answer generation to see if there was anything I could work off of. I also took a look at different knowledge bases to see what information what useful information could be extracted. By the end of the first week, the code I wrote was able to extract a keyword, assuming the child says the clue in the form "I spy something that is..." and query and process information on dummy data using the ConceptNet API. If there was a match between the clue and what was extracted from ConceptNet, the agent would return the guess in the form of "Is it a \[object\]?" where the object is the entity with the property that matches the clue. I also got a simple implementation of a question in the form of "What is \[object\] \[relation\]?", where a relation was extracted from relevant relations from ConceptNet.

## Some problems I encountered:

The main problem that I encountered during this first week is run time, since it would take the system a while before it would be able to generate a guess. The issue was that I was querying on multiple different relations. However, I wasn't sure of the best way to narrow down which relations I was querying on. Another was that I was also trying to think of the types of clues a child might say, which made coding to account for all these different scenarios difficult. I also had a hard time understanding BERT and how to incorporate it into Q and A generation.
